=head1 NAME

mod_proxy_msrpc - Apache module for Outlook Anywhere support in reverse proxy setups

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Build the module:

    ./configure
    make

Load the module:

    LoadModule proxy_msrpc_module /path/to/your/mod_proxy_msrpc.so

Enable the module inside a <VirtualHost> configuration container (or globally):

    OutlookAnywherePassthrough On

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module intends to make Apache httpd work in a reverse proxy setup
in front of a MS Exchange server offering Outlook Anywhere services.
Without it, Apache would block any Outlook Anywhere requests for reasons
documented very well in https://issues.apache.org/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=40029.

Outlook and Exchange use an extended version of DCE RPC called I<MSRPC> to
communicate with each other.
When I<Outlook Anywhere> is in use, the MSRPC messages are wrapped into HTTP
alike requests and responses.
The mod_proxy_msrpc module detects these MSRPC messages and forwards it to the
server or client as needed.
As soon as the initial handshake completed, i.e. Exchange accepted the
connecting client, the mod_proxy_msrpc module switches into tunnel mode and
forwards all data from client to server and vice versa.

=head1 CAVEATS

Some older Exchange versions (e.g. Exchange Server 2007) are known to sync
offline address books and calendar information via other protocols than Outlook
Anywhere (i.e. MSRPC via HTTP).
For these Exchange versions functionality of this module is limited to
enabling receiving and sending mail.
I.e. Address book and calendar synchronization doesn't work with these Exchange
versions.

=head1 DIAGNOSTICS

If you encounter any problems, you can set following directive:

    LogLevel info proxy_msrpc:trace2

This will enable detailed debug logging for the proxy_msrpc module, which will
be written to the usual Apache log destinations (e.g. to file error.log).

=head1 BUGS

Please use the GitHub issue tracker to check for any pending issues or to report any new bugs.

https://github.com/bombadil/mod_proxy_msrpc/issues

=head1 HISTORY

This module was initially written by Micha Lenk as employee of
Astaro GmbH & Co. KG, Germany, to facilitate Outlook Anywhere
passthrough for the Sophos UTM's Web Application Firewall.
It was first released as part of UTM 9.1 in May 2013.
Sophos generously agreed to contribute the source code to the open source
community under the terms of the Apache License 2.0.

=head1 AUTHOR

This module was written by Micha Lenk <micha@lenk.info>.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2013 Micha Lenk <micha@lenk.info>, Astaro GmbH & Co. KG - a Sophos company.

=head1 LICENSE

This module is free software; you may redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the Apache License, Version 2.0.
You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

=cut
